One Christmas was so much like another that I can never remember whether it snowed for six days and six nights when I was twelve,
or whether it snowed for twelve days and twelve nights when I was six.
There were postmen at Christmas too, with sparkling eyes and wooden chariot noses on spread, frozen feet.
They crunched up to the doors and mittened on them manfully.
But all that the children could hear was the ringing of bells.
I mean that the bells that the children could hear were inside them.
There were church bells too, in the bat-black snow-white belfries, tugged by bishops and storks.
And they rang their tidings over the bandaged town, over the frozen foam of the powder and the ice-cream hills, over the crackling sea.
It seemed that all the church boomed for joy under my window, and the weathercocks crewed for Christmas on our fence.
The postmen were just ordinary postmen, fond of walking and dogs and Christmas and the snow.
They knocked on the doors with blue knuckles, and then they stood on the white welcome mat in the little drifted porches,
and huffed and puffed, making ghosts with their breath, and jogged from foot to foot, like small boys wanting to go out.
And the cold postman, with a rose on his button nose, tingled down in a tea tray slithered run of the chilly, glinting hill.
He went in his ice-bound boots like a man on fishermen's slabs.
He wagged his back like a frozen camel's hump, dizzy and turned the corner in one foot, and by God, he was gone.